
## Building Instructions ##

### Background ###
This project uses CMake as the primary build system. As the requirements state that a Makefile must be provided, a wrapper Makefile sets up and runs the necessary `cmake` command chain.

### Directions ###

#### Release Build ####
Following these instructions will build the main executable, the testing executable, and the documentation.

From the `Project1` directory, simply run `make`. This will build the `voting_system` executable and place it into the `build` directory.

Alternatively, one can directly use CMake:
* `cd Project1`
* `mkdir -p build`
* `cmake -S . -B build -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release`
* `cmake --build build --parallel $(nproc)`

The executable will be placed at `Project1/build/voting_system`. The testing executable will be placed at `build/testing/voting_system_test` and the documentation will be placed into the `Project1/documentation/html` directory.

#### Development Build ####
It is highly recommended that one takes a look at the `Makefile` commands under the **debug** target. This sequence of commands sets up an out of source build and makes cleaning the project very easy if something breaks (just remove the build directory).

* Make an out of source build location
  - `mkdir build`
* Generate the CMake configuration
  - `cd build`
  - `cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug`
* Build the executable
  - `make -j$(nproc)`
* Run the executable
  - `./voting_system`

#### Testing ####
There are two ways to run the tests for this program. The first one will show the combined results of all the tests:

* `cd build`
* `make -j$(nproc)`
* `make test`

The second way of testing will print the results of individual tests to the screen. This is:
* `cd build`
* `make -j$(nproc)`
* `cd testing`
* `./voting_system_test`

## Documentation ##
The documentation for this project is generated using this document, cmake, and Doxygen. 

In order to build the documentation, first follow the build instructions. After setting up an out of source build with the instructions and building the main executable follow these commands:
* `cd build`
* `make documentation`
* `cd Project1/documentation/html`
* Open `index.html` in a browser.

The documentation is additionally generated by default on the Release Build.
